Added support for unlimited supplies in market shops (#6571)
rathena/rathena: doc/script_commands.txt

variables. These variables must be of integer type, not string. 'discount' flag is an
optional value which makes the price at that shop become affected by discount skill.

"marketshop" can have limited quantity of an item in stock.

> If you want to have unlimited stock in a marketshop please use -1 as stock.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use -1 in the stock field to have unlimited stock in a marketshop.
```

NOTES:

>  - That you cannot use -1 to specify default selling price!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - A sell price of -1 is not a valid value!
```

Author: We could actually implement that?
As suggested from @Toshiro90

>  - If attached shop type is market shop, need an extra param after price, it's <stock>
>    and make sure don't add duplication item! For unlimited stock use -1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - If the attached shop type is a market shop, notice that there is an extra param after price, <stock>. Make sure to not add duplicate items! For unlimited stock use -1.
```

NOTES:

>  - That you cannot use -1 to specify default selling price!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - A sell price of -1 is not a valid value!
```

Author: Again - we could implement this.
As suggested by @Toshiro90

>  - If attached shop type is market shop, need an extra param after price, it's <stock>
>    and make sure don't add duplication item! For unlimited stock use -1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - If attached shop type is market shop, need an extra param after price, it's <stock>
   and make sure don't add duplication item! For unlimited stock use -1.
```

> Update an entry from shop. If price is 0 means don't change the price, maybe used for
> marketshop to update the stock quantity. Except marketshop type, 'stock' value means

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update an entry from a shop. If the price is 0 it won't be changed. May also be used for
marketshop to update the stock quantity. For unlimited stock, use -1.
```

> nothing. For unlimited stock use -1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
